>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's summarize our thoughts on,
or my thoughts that I've shared with you,
I guess I should say, on functions
of their various different types.
It is my opinion that function
declarations have some
superiority to them.
We haven't even talked about all of those,
we'll come back to those when we get to,
for example, wasting, later.
But a function declaration has some
benefits over a named function expression.
But named function expressions
have huge benefits over
anonymous function expressions.
So I feel much more strongly about the
second two of these than the first two,
even though I also do tend to prefer
the named function declarations.
So it's just something to be aware of,
because this isn't really something
that can be such a hard and fast rule.
You do have to look at
the various different cases.
And I certainly understand why
people might use an arrow function
when it's five characters
doubling some variable.
But even in those cases where you're
tempted just to save a little bit of time,
I would still argue that the name,
double it,
tells me something more directly
than looking at x times 2.
So I just want you to consider that
bigger purpose, which is we want to
have our code communicate as effectively
as possible, even at a glance,
without somebody having to read and
sort of mentally execute some code and
figure out what it does, or
consider any sort of corner cases on it.
We don't want the reader to have
to do those things, ideally.
We want them to be able
to read our code and
understand it's purpose
almost at a glance.
So those are the reasons why I prefer
the functions in this order, and
I would work my way down, and
I would essentially only ever
do the anonymous function expression
in the arrow expression form.
And in that one particular case, I would
only do so because I was getting lexical
clicks, which we'll talk
about later in the course.